1:What is GDPR?
1:Explain GDPR?
1:what are these new laws?
1:Explain these new laws
1:Definition
1:What is the definition of GDPR?
2:When will the GDPR come into effect?
2:When will the GDPR be implemented?
2:Date of which GDPR will be implemented?
2:when will it be in effect start begin
2:in what year will it come into effect start begin
2:When will the new laws come into effect?
3:Who does GDPR apply to?
3:Who does the new laws apply to?
3:what organisation does it apply to?
3:where will GDPR be apply applied?
3:which organisations organisation are concerned?
3:do i have to adapt to?
4:What responsibilities will companies have under this new regulation?
4:What responsibilities?
4:what responsibilities do i have?
4:What do i have to do?
4:what is new
4:what tasks task function job accountability new do I have?
5:What kind of information does the GDPR apply to?
5:What kind of information does the the new laws law apply to?
5:what does it GDPR new law laws apply to?
5:What information is concerned?
6:Are there any specific rules businesses business should be following in order to ensure compliance?
6:Are there any specific rules?
6:specific rules businesses business should be following in order to ensure compliance?
6:rules businesses should to ensure compliance?
6:what are the specifics particular exact precise correct distinct
6:rules for businesses business
7:What will the penalties be for failing to comply with GDPR?
7:What are the penalties penaly?
7:what happens with non compliance
7:what are the fines disadvantage financial pennaly punishment sanction punitive fee charge
7:retributions for not complying comply abide accordance satisfy meet fulfil
7:negative effects effect of not complying
8:What effect, if any, does Brexit have on GDPR?
8:effect of brexit
8:britain great england ireland scotland wales
9:Do all organisations now have to appoint a Data Protection Officer DPO?
9:appoint a Data Protection Officer DPO?
9:Do all organisations busines businesses now have to appoint a Data Protection Officer DPO?
9:oppointing a DPO Data protection officer?
9:appoint nominate name designate commision adopt engage
9:hire new employee
10:What rights will individuals have under law new laws GDPR?
10:regular people
10:individuals person
10:privilige advantage entitlement entitlements protection